everybody welcome back to northernlion
slow redemption in after birth plus we
wanted you to swab what an
accomplishment don't give me as easily I
was like come on we got to give the
people what they want
what's that G got to give them up
something heck yeah x3 cacl2 Zee City of
Compton
we got Samson Samson straight up might
be like maybe my third or fourth
favorite character to play as it's
actually you know better than it seems
so let's place a bomb here I was kind of
hoping you'd blow it up but this is fine
like seriously Samson is up there I'd
rather be Isaac because Isaac has the d6
and I just like the d6 is a huge hill to
climb if you don't have it as a
character because Isaac is always so
much fun as a result of it and then
you've got Eden who I am going to
account for these purposes even though
they can't be random and then maybe the
lost and that's not just like posturing
I think the loss is a very fun character
to play now that it's statistically
plausible you win the average run or
close to the average run at least but
Samson is up there cool item built in
with a neat mechanic that is pretty easy
to like activate as long as you can get
over five cents pretty early on and
around you've got a good chance of being
able to take advantage of a plus other
items help out too like I don't know
dull razor actually helps out but you
know there's a lot of items that give
you a benefit for being hit add like
years ago so that was one of his
favorite archetypes for mechanics and I
think Samson is a character that
exemplifies that even more so than Eve
hopefully we can find it plausible for
us to do something akin to that that
works pretty well here because right now
we don't really have much of a shot I
mean we haven't been hit yet we have one
cent we need to get four more to even
have a chance of getting an arcade and
spiel probably on an average room with
like 10 poops you probably get one or
two
penny so we got three actually well and
above the call of duty and for extra
poops here I'd actually say we have a
pretty good chance of getting to five
cents which did not seem likely mere
moments ago sadly none there but it's
okay even if we had to spend a bomb for
a penny that's fine we still have our
secret room presumably somewhere we can
still teleport maybe that'll take us to
a secret room potentially sort of don't
understand the usual usefulness nothing
huh of the teleporter in you know
today's presidents economy we're going
to get rid of the teleporter either way
to take the ability to fly here in just
a second so I wouldn't get too worried
about it one way or the other I mean the
Headless Horseman or rather the pony
itself is actually just a pretty good
spacebar item so I always find this item
gets underrated because there's passive
items that do exactly the same thing and
to be fair flying is extremely common
that just means you know when we slash
if we get the passive ability to fly
we'll be happy to get rid of this and
pick up something a little bit more
valuable but for now you know I'm not
going to bite the hand that feeds here
plus it's a speed upgrade and you know
we could actually use that so it's
realistic that we don't get a another
penny now it is not now it is not
realistic because we've gotten that
penny and we should be as good as it
gets for trying to get an arcade you
know what there might be some unexplored
design space there we've got trinkets
that give you a an extra item room every
floor of the womb that's a cool trinket
one of the best in the game what about a
trinket that gives you a guaranteed
arcade on every floor that you old a
trinket I'm not saying that would be a
top-tier trinket I think that probably
stands a chance of being like a B -2 C P
R trinket depending on the kind of run
that you've got going on but you know
situationally could be amazing and we
did actually manage to finesse ourselves
into an arcade here which is awesome so
we should be able like IV bag be darned
right now we don't care about that
we can live with the pony as long as you
want but I would like to get fiebag I'll
settle for the temporary damage bonus
two hearts one and a half parts one
heart half of the hearts okay so we
should be completely okay but now we
have eight damage I'll settle for the
damage bonus just on this floor but
obviously you know I want more later in
life it's possible you know we're young
we're agile right now once this run
starts to get into middle age we will
want some security one and a half parts
I'm just trying to keep it in mind here
at compound fracture grade item slight
range upgrade but mostly to the parasite
effect so we're one-and-a-half hearts
one half a heart it's we're okay being
here because we have at least one spirit
are maybe one and a half backing us up
right now or the ten damage which is
presumably the maximum and I'm kind of
getting used to ten damage it's pretty
sweet mmm we have no keys anyway so you
know let's not be idiots come through on
that side instead I'm kind of getting
used to ten damage you wouldn't mind
picking up the IV bag of course earlier
I said I don't want the IV bag but that
was before I realized that you know
we're not going to get it back when
anything could have happened that was
like yeah who cares now that we're
facing the very real consequence of not
getting that item I'm like no you don't
understand
I said who cares to seem aloof even
though I care a great deal either way
deal with the devil we don't want to
necessarily give up HP for garbage
because we do have a blood bag or sorry
we do have to incentive to play the
blood bank polydactyly it's given us
temperance interesting so it's actually
like sort of a tough call because little
brim is probably the right choice the
shovel is not at all but I'm going to
choose to take nothing and part of the
reason for this is because I want to
keep HP for the blood bank but part of
the reason for this the other part of
the reason it should say should say is I
want to see new angel rooms
the aunt after birth plus booster pack
that came out purported to change angel
rooms to make them better and I've seen
some like anecdotal posts from people
that are like angel rooms are way better
now there's new archetypes for them that
are we've got just to be polite more
sensible than some of the earlier ones
where one and a half hearts I think one
heart half heart so I get a chance to
see those maybe hopefully maybe come on
we got zero luck I can't believe we
haven't picked up a Lucky Penny noski
toll please notice that use God's good
soul alright so blow this one up half
hearts okay we're out of here
I still think that's fine actually no
I'm going to blow it up again to try to
look for a key no key but where I'd like
two hearts now so that's pretty good I
would like to go to the shop but life
goes on a lot of golden chests as well
right off the bat here goodbye ten
damaged we hardly knew you I'll see in
the next blood bank opportunity but yeah
I want to give angel rooms a chance to
actually be viable I think that could be
a really huge thing for the game because
right now the thing with Isaac is lovely
we're probably in the tail end of it's
like you know huge popularity you know
in the thousands at least of people
playing it on a daily basis for those
dailies and by the tail end could be
like five years but all I'm saying is it
doesn't new on the horizon so there's
less no business in than business out at
this point but part of that is because
it's a little say me you know if you get
a deal with the devil we've gotten to
the point where at least it seemed like
the appropriate course of action is like
even if the deal with the devil sucks
unless your HP is in a dire spot you
always take the first one just to give
yourself precedent it's a cool strategy
but at the same time it completely
invalidates the use of angel rooms
largely because in you know in
validating angel rooms was smart because
half of the angel rooms are trash
oftentimes you can go a whole run with
angel precedent or angels waiting at
least and never get a good item so this
is the story of a girl that cried a
river and drown the whole world but it's
also something that could be big for the
game if the angel rooms turn out to be
viable because
of taking a crap deal with the devil
item when it shows up not that either of
those items that we had there were bad
obviously but instead of taking let's
say we had like you know sister Maggie
in there is a good example we had three
HP and sister Maggie but the spirit art
to back us up we probably would have
taken sister Maggie just for the
precedent and we still might but knowing
that angel rooms have a little bit more
a little bit more potency now a little
bit more chance to actually you know aid
you and your in your quest to win a run
might mean more varied runs as we see
people not just taking like the the
token devil item to try to get the
precedent there which would be sick you
know I love the concept of angel rooms
the idea that you know it opens up a
whole new item pool that is restricted
and barely seen the problem is that
they're just ended thus far to not be
very good consistently at least not as
consistently as they need to be okay be
careful here okay yeah I never break
myself out of that dodge pattern so I'm
amazed that I managed to make it happen
there I wanted to get both I am using
bombs more for combat notice like
finding it myself and these runs a lot
now where I have base damage like two or
three floors into the game that's not
the kiss of death you know you can still
make that run work pretty easily but
[Music]
it's too down just one down there okay
but one of the things we can do to kind
of supplement our damage there is use
bombs so I kind of see bombs almost as
like early game like mini
get-out-of-jail-free cards ever really
adjusted my play style naturally too
much like I haven't naturalized or what
it might internalize this but seems like
I should I'm complaining about damage
and I have like 20 bombs start using one
every other room or something
a bomb fell like exactly equal distance
between those two mushrooms and we got
nothing for it life goes on but it just
kind of hurt me deep in my soul that we
were unrewarded for our basically
extreme act of luck there you know what
let's try this quick okay I mean I'll
tell you what I will fight the boss I
didn't really wants because I wanted the
pony to be active forsaken is like not a
hard boss fight but it could take a
while if you're not doing a ton of
damage kind of hard to hit with bombs as
well so well except for those two that
we managed to land perfectly all right
deal with the angel
I got no bomb so no key piece but nope
nothing that's actually fine we don't
expect to get one we only had like a 30
something percent chance no big deal I
do have to go to the shop though I'm
like in dire need of a champions belt or
something as much as I'm like pro the
pony man the white pony is like better
in every aspect except for its charge
the fact that you can actually glanced
off an enemy with the pony and not kill
them is one thing also the fact that
only enemies in your line of sight get
hit not even line of sight like
literally the direct path you're taking
all right let's go champion belt exactly
what I asked for it happens from time to
time let's grab this let's also grab
this Stars card I actually am quite fond
of that and hopefully really to use the
Stars card to get out of boss rush on
the last non-daily run if you recall I
made it to boss rush with a star's card
and then use the Stars card on the
Emperor vault not the Emperor but on the
boss room and made myself feel like a
bit of an idiot so this is where
Redemption can happen and so far I don't
think we've been bad on this run I don't
think we performed badly I guess I
should say I'm actually going to use
this not for boss rush because I was
looking at my keys and I was like you
know what we're a little underpowered
and we only have two keys we definitely
want to go to the shop we definitely
want to go to the item room let's save
ourselves one key right off the bat and
hopefully power up a little bit
you didn't really you know Mongol babies
just okay it's a little help though I
don't mean okay like sister Maggie like
in concept at least it's better than
sister Maggie but I don't know does it
just feel sister Maggie's effect if
sister Maggie is the only familiar we
have if so then it's kind of not that
great but anyway the big prize on this
floor is the arcades we're hoping and
you know we've been stacking up and
saving all these red hearts tearing the
tops off of cereal boxes hoping to get
that you know Little Orphan Annie prize
pack and hoping it's not just a crummy
advertisement to drink our Ovaltine you
know what I mean there's a metaphor
that's sensible
why are those flies so slow scoot oh
that's right I was going to mention that
we went into an earlier room it's like
the Flies seem like they're moving so
slowly that scat ol has been in the game
for a hundred years as long as you know
Canada has been a sovereign nations
--get ole has been in the game hive mind
is for later you know what was the other
item in there
we go back deep pockets deep pockets is
also sort of for later so I don't know I
don't know if there's a right decision
in a wrong decision yet we'll have to
see how the run goes for right now I am
I'm feeling the heat of the run being a
little on the slow side and that's I
mean with Sampson you got a lot of
fail-safes when it comes to not getting
good damage you've got obviously bloody
lust sorry I was focusing on the Dodge
there obviously you've got bloody lust
but then on top of bloody lust you also
have the thing that everybody has which
is deal with the devil potential except
for the keeper I guess where you know
it's a little riskier but we rebuke
deals of the devil and then we said to
ourselves you know bloody lust we're
going to try to make it work but we're
at the whim of the arcade actually
showing up which is I one day I should
actually look up what the chance is for
an arcade to show up if you if you came
down with five cents and maybe it does
scale with the amount of money you bring
down I'm not sure I doubt it though
anecdotally I don't think I've noticed
that but there's a lot of things haven't
noticed about Isaac that turned out to
be real mechanic so I share it for sure
much less annoying room this way we do
have some things going for us though
like I would be remiss if I didn't
mention the fact that we have the
ability to fly it's a really really
important upgrade
and the ability to get 26.69 damage as a
result of just ambient hits that we take
on the floor is very important we could
be playing Maggie right now have half
this speed and then also be stuck on
three and a half damage regardless of
how many times we get hit okay so we did
get an angel room let's see what we get
I'm not sure if this is a new archetype
but it's still it's a decent one of
course
definitely dead guppy said for now and
that's a great chest and that's a great
chest any chest that has a key in it is
good in my book pretty bad I don't know
if we actually want to fight the Angels
since you know anything about the angel
statue fighting has changed but why not
increase our odds of getting a deal with
the angel to experiment more with the
booster pack regardless right 12.5
percent chance normal or abnormal I
don't know stop you said I mean we have
hive mind so Guppies head is pretty
useful but I'm going to imma stick with
our speed and our flying right now I
actually think that statistically like
from an attribute standpoint we're in a
bad spot our base damage is not much
improved if any our HP is good
admittedly but our speed is also base I
think so I do feel like we're better off
just going for basically raw attributes
right now kind of a bomber I want to go
over some cool stuff but you know
hopefully we'll have a chance to get
some cool stuff later sometimes you got
to study and then you go out the party
that's what I've heard from my friends
who are cool anyway I've never heard of
such a thing studying is a party for me
because when you're learning everybody's
invited is all I'm saying
curse of the labyrinth
so bombs Russia actually at this point
basically don't care what I do care
about is
hitting up both of these item rooms and
like please God at the shop as well but
please God if you can snag me an arcade
again I'm going to say it it doesn't
have to pay out with IV bag doesn't have
to pay out at all of course I would love
it to and it could save our run if it
does but don't let that pressure you you
know you've got to make your own
decision
your autonomous even blood bag will be
fine if we get a speed upgrade we're
able to get rid of the pony more easily
if something comes along that could
sensibly replace it but we're not quite
in that moment yet we don't quite have
to worry about that yet and then both
item rooms both item rooms are you know
of extreme value this you've got to go I
was extremely bad um but yes they're
they're of almost importance right now
our stats are bad I'm still not totally
sure that there wasn't like a
clandestine update not to my game but to
dug game that like change the item
balance or not maybe not balanced with
like bit distribution or something like
that because it feels to me like over
the past month or so I've had more I had
some amazing runs obviously like
amazingly lucky but forgot what I was
going to say oh I feel like I've had
more they were like just the same stats
as basically our default starting stats
by the time we got to this point of the
game I have we got to check it turns out
we did not have to check after opening
two chests I've decided we do not have
to check in the least you know we will
do those used ice shard to re-roll
everything and all of a sudden we got
our keys back we got a black card we got
an internal heart I'm going to take the
eternal heart because I basically will
throw it away on an arcade and a
heartbeat and not care at all one HP is
not likely to matter to too much right
now
and if we don't find an arcade we got to
backtrack we're probably not doing boss
rush anyway we're way too slow mostly
from a DPS standpoint we don't have base
damage by the way I was incorrect we do
have a champion belt which is a sizable
damage increase that is not meaningless
that Blackheart might actually prove to
be the most important thing here like
keep our deal with the devil or an angel
for that matter chance pretty high and
then also that means by the time we have
exposed red hearts we'll have two hits
more of damage bonus from bloody lust
which just increases the odds that
anything that could hit us is going to
die in one hit instead so for two hits
instead for that matter don't need it
yet and my guess is we will probably
have to backtrack we could try to use
the ponies like a fairly bad
get-out-of-jail-free card but I really I
long for the ability to kill these rooms
slightly faster than we're doing so
right now and the bombs could be helpful
there we're due for like how that was
actually just terrible we're due for
like a special item we're due for an imp
attack or something AK at this point I'd
even take soymilk I mean I always do
anyway that heard me even my soul but I
always take it anyway but I feel like
compound fracture is the kind of item
that synergizes well with it just
getting more tears on the screen
basically
I could also do with lump of coal I'm
just like I apologize it's kind of like
a fallback form of commentary but I
really am searching for the tools that
can help us out here because of the fact
that situations not dire yet but it's
dire some I don't know if that's a real
word it contains some direness we're not
missing too many of the ingredients but
we're trying to make a soup with water
instead of stock you know maybe we got
got the whole recipe right except we
didn't have any stock so I just used
water instead
you know you compromised the whole
flavor of the soup as a result it's not
going to be enjoyable as enjoyable at
least I will take it you know what if
you're going to you're going to force me
down this road I will I will gladly go
down this road to put more shots on the
screen it also gives us a was it is a
was it also gives us a version of Ouija
board so not necessarily amazing but
I'll take it looking for black hearts
second secret room is a nice bonus
admittedly okay and we have found black
card so this probably buys us at least
another floor of being pretty bad just
encouraging world card we've gone to a
heart so I'm just going to pop it and
then hold temperance in the tower so
there is no arcade let's go to the shop
first if we will see how things pan out
if I don't accidentally pop this full
health thing over here because to get IV
bag would probably be worth it but we
don't have to necessarily lose the
eternal heart as the thing so
I think it's I think it's for the best
to do this even at the loss of the
eternal heart I know we're not getting
any damage bonus right now but blood bag
or IV bag both have like great purpose
for me right now
I'll accept either and be happy to have
them honestly lucky pennies money equals
power somewhere like just ask him for
that I'm asking for the world but the
coupon allows six weeks for delivery sin
Victor told me about the coupon said the
coupon is very very good Peggy said it
was top tier I don't know what it does
but it is a dude that's so good it is a
space bar item my assumption is that it
creates an item from that pool and as it
said it allows six weeks for delivery
which is how long it took to get sent
something you ordered on the internet or
on television a hundred years ago and I
would know because I was alive so I'm
thinking maybe when it's fully charged
it delivers something like it delivers
us an item from the pool on which we
prototype it you know what I mean like
we use it on the shop in six rooms if we
use it we get an item from the shop well
well I'm not going to be so brash as to
suggest that we'll find out soon because
that may not be true I may be in the
dark about the actual function of this
item for a year but we'll at least get
some clues soon Oh Polyphemus I told you
we were due for a special I could feel
it coming in the air tonight thirty-nine
damage terrible rate of fire but
thirty-nine damage we have been to our
shop of course I guess we'll fight the
first boss
and really if you're looking at this and
you're like why is he so happy you got
blood bag he traded HP to get HP now you
don't understand the HP is the secondary
element here we are now allowed allowed
as a weird word for that we are now able
and I know I see the battery charges to
take a space bar item that's not the
pony as a result of the fact that we
have the speed necessary to not require
the pony speed to function here what if
I just has pretty bad what if I just hit
you with them yeah okay seems like you
will still get hit sometimes if I can
manage to land these right so we don't
really want to pay out here grab these
two not great payouts there to begin
with let's go to our secret room and see
what happens here so take very close
note of what this item is I have used it
got nothing what if I use it on the same
room where I used it the first time it's
made these items free maybe it just
makes all the items free in the room
where you are maybe it makes a random
item free in the room where you are I
don't know in the room where you are you
are the room you are well if it makes
items free maybe we'll have a chance to
I mean the coupon making something free
makes a lot of sense seems a little late
for this to be useful but maybe it works
on deals with the devil as well although
we're not necessarily guaranteed to get
one right as well give it a shot here
dude circle of protection is actually
killing it the ambient damage from it
I've like never noticed as much as I've
noticed it here probably because of
Polyphemus the reflective shots are
doing fine as well okay obviously take
the Polaroid no deals no so what the
heck do we do with the moon card then
we're sorry with a coupon item I
actually do not know what the game plan
is there this run has felt a lot better
though not exempt from bad damage okay
you know I'll just building up the more
more fodder for us to get some sweet
Polyphemus damage as far as I'm
concerned but anyway obviously not
immune from bad damage preventable
damage just got to see if it does
something here did not seem to but some
Redemption nonetheless plus we're
actually making half decent use of of
the dunce cap not common not for me at
least gotta throw some curves on these
shots to actually get into land
otherwise we're using you know - sister
Maggie's effectively to do all our
damage for us that's moon cards double
secret rooms or something I think I'm
going to neutralize that right now and
just continue to go with child's heart
in case we manage to get you know the
perfect storm is Sampson
so it does ambient damage on the same
frequency as our tears which is very
slow right now but the damage that it
does is enormous
come on , don't think we really want
pulse worm because it doesn't do
anything for us if we already have an
enormous hitbox I guess I could make the
enormous hitbox even more enormous in
many ways maybe it's actually better to
use it when you already have an enormous
hitbox because it works more but either
way the fact that we're having that
conversation means we should probably
just stick with this trinket this is
gonna sound rich but I do wish well if
you wanted to sound rich we should say
mmm this is going to sound rich but I
really wish I could find a way to shoot
my shouts more straightly but we have no
grounds to complain considering you know
I took dunce cap but tractor beam would
basically be like getting 20/20 right
now most of our shots would fire forward
or wherever we pointed at least make it
a little easier to hit this guy darn
shame he doesn't have any weak points
during that attack because I'm am talent
you can see it for yourself
we'd be ending him because like 12
Polyphemus shops deflected at him I
should have had him there we've done it
and we have gotten a deal with the devil
and unfortunately it has no items to buy
so we will never find out if this works
on deals with devil although we did get
a joker card oh my Lanta
lovable he's done it okay what do we get
here
magician that can go to a spades in the
Joker card crack Jencks gives us a
trinket think we're happier with child
side so I really would like to test the
side I'm out I'm going to use the Joker
card right away
oh and Isaac new game
- exe is stopped working forensic - ng
dot exe is stopped working so that's my
bed so the problem is you try to use the
item crashes the game like that's what
you get for trying to use the items so
if you'll just excuse Nanna try to use
the item here and come in here and okay
Isaac new game DXE has stopped working
so we're going to we're going to load
this bad boy up again load me up and if
you load me up it never stops never
stops never know okay so what's the game
plan then well I'd like to get the mark
you see that's a good item is part of
the issue here what if I use this and
then we just wait it out and then try to
use the Joker card later you know what I
mean
like I'm not happy with the damage I'm
taking we should still win this run in
spite of the error like that wood that's
moving the goal posts if we start to say
Leo well we could have won if they would
run it and screwed us but I would like
to have the mark ASAP it's not
insignificant it's an important item
whipworm almost makes sense here but I
think we have to go for HP now that
we're in kind of a dire position from an
HP standpoint and a pretty strong hunch
that would be where the secret room is
homing tears would also be extremely
useful greed fight from a young greed
perspective lucky pennies will be sweet
I can't but we picked up so much money
on this run we've not gotten a single
Lucky Penny to try to use it again just
to see I should get one more charge
before we yeah exactly
before we go anyway so grab this Joker
card
crashed okay so I guess we just can't we
just can't take that deal with the devil
so it's like the biggest bummer of all
time it's okay not not as tilted as you
might think I'm like a little tilted but
we also you know in exchange for the
game crash we get some value like for
example that was pretty bad but for
example I don't have to go to the secret
room to fight grieve anymore there were
no lucky pennies in there I don't know
when that's like confirms for when that
stuff is controlled for I should say but
surely we got nothing to worry about
in that regard to be I thought we
reached a dead end up here as a result
we don't to go here in the first place
but yeah we did there's a battery charge
we could use that to accomplish
something if the game doesn't crash I'm
just being petty
just kind of a little bit of an anemic
Samson run here usually I'm used to
popping off I don't want to better deal
with the devil chance to deal with the
devil crash my crash our game especially
considering all of the well both of the
blood banks so all three of the blood
banks we've been able to create or come
across it's really banned as well I'm
surprised that we were not able to get
IV bag this is the this is womb two
though so there couldn't no there can't
be an arcade down here right I so rarely
look for an arcade this late in the game
I have a intelligence deficiency or
whether or not we can actually get one
by like natural occurrences down here I
love these are getting six damage per
hit red hearts are relatively big supply
right now to a spades starting to pop
okay Joker car we can't even use but
hopefully you'll go down to the
cathedral net joke until Karl prove
useful
hopefully we live long enough to make
that happen now we got again we have no
excuses with things
despite maybe the run being compromised
a little bit by our inability to pick up
the mark especially to pick it up
potentially for free I'd be happy to pay
for it if I could just walk in without
the game crashing but don't forget that
tinted rock up there we still have the
tools it's not a great run but
Polyphemus makes it quite
good and we really don't have much of an
excuse to mess it up so stay strong get
through this floor pop the Joker card on
the next floor I'm not going to even if
we get a deal with the devil I'm not
going to go to it on this floor because
I've already seen that that is the
potential to crash the game so I don't
want to lose all of my progress on this
floor for a fourth time
what is this Flint hook well rank Anish
Maggie do you do okay good stuff No Deal
maybe that's the thing it's like you
don't deserve a deal with the devil so
tried to manufacture one out of thin air
then the game was like this room doesn't
exist there's an error okay they said
the Joker was a wanted man obviously we
like this like oh you only take one as
we only lost the mind and and life goes
on but is that a new angel room
archetype the double angel room I'm not
sure either way very nice as Borat after
he goes through you know American accent
training very nice this is my wife
Pamela I originally hailed from
Kazakhstan so I think I've squandered
like a million percent my use of the
coupon on this run but if it really does
give you free items when used we got it
a little late in the game to be super
useful we had one shop no restock we've
set it down open I'm shop a oh oh that's
the Rough Riders roll
yes please shooting me enemies the shoot
of me are my new best friends shoot at
me and have your shots be deflected
please if you could get range upgrades
so you can actually hit yourselves with
the deflections that would be sweet -
you should get that please a little
close ok grab this dude I am so ready
for this run to be over it's not that
I'm not having a good time just we have
never crested if we didn't have cramp if
we didn't have the dunce cap we might
have crested and by Kressley I just mean
like rehook like us reach a point where
we're like I'm good to go
if we hadn't taken dunce cap and we just
had like normal shots we might be at
that point although I'm somewhat
skeptical of that even and dunce cap I
took for a reason you know I wanted
double shots so that even if they didn't
aim properly at least forget the
synergistic benefit of the compound
fractures you know more compound
fracture shots will exist basically
sadly I think in this case the juice
probably isn't worth the squeeze
we're not doing enough damage off the
compound fractures to justify the
increased difficulty to hit an enemy
which is kind of surprising because we
have like you know nearly 30 damage I
got faith we'll figure it out
this run has a chance to pop
you just need to get the keys what is
the key tractor beam is a key an emperor
card is a key finding anything at all to
do with our to do with our coupons that
might be a key worth let's go okay
these are big moments for us just pop
this right away you want Isaac to hit
himself as much as possible you know
you've got a lot of deflections that you
can send in on him here circle of
protection is like the ultimate anti
Isaac item never thought of it before
try not to get hit by as many of those
stupid shots does it deflect with his
damage or my damage I hope it's my
damage do enemies even have a damaged
stent they only do like half or full all
one of them does well I guess I should
say they only do the X or 2x one of them
doubles X though one of them doubles too
egg what am I talking about
I'm not articulating myself very well
right now
they either do a full heart or a half
heart and then maybe they have like
another double damage property that goes
along with that but only one enemy is
full heart and double damage and I don't
respect that enemy and I don't speak of
him just stop I would give it a shot
well as long as we're doing weird stuff
sure let's take guillotine
let's take X placebo on let's take
chocolate milk so we're in a weird
situation where I do not actually want
Expo steve-o shots to land very often
because the necklace steve-o shot that
lands is not going to do damage until it
explodes when it explodes it should do
look a ridiculous amount of damage and
honestly Polyphemus chocolate milk is a
great combo as you can see we basically
have piercing shots because any shot
that's been charged for like longer than
a millisecond is going to be doing a
crazy amount of damage
so it is quite offensively potent I
think this might have given us what we
need and of course if we want to
maximize expose Evo shops on a tanky
enemy like these guys for example that's
where like rapid-fire chocolate milk
comes in I can't believe we have a
serial luck but I can believe that we're
fighting gluttony here and exactly what
I'm looking for right there this gives
us a lot of fuel with which to get those
bloody lust bonuses this is a very
strange run I don't know if it
necessarily made me super happy to have
dunce cap and item still remains kind of
in the strange pile in my world but I
still take it when it's sensible was it
sensible here and jury's out I think is
the polite way to put it you know what
sure let's reroll our synergy who cares
dude let's go we roll ours our vision I
should say yeah okay add this up to 22
damage I mean actually I think the young
heart is better than the coupon here
I think the coupon might be awesome but
it helps if you can actually use it I
find that most items are better if you
can actually use them not all of them I
suppose
trying to think you know if you're over
the bob transformation bob's rotten head
might be a good item to get but not use
I really don't care who I kill first
last whatever here we want red hearts to
drop occasionally everything else is a
bonus when the shops hit they pack a
punch what I mean to say is the coconut
gun shoots in spurts and if they hit
they're gonna hurt DK Donkey Kong that
would be a great algae's all right we
can't step on that or shouldn't step on
that that would be great
algae's it's at the gaas that's still
pretty good to get a cast
Dave oh wow darlin step on the creep you
stupid idiot okay we've got HP back we
got 37 damage I don't know what finished
the job there but I'm happy to have been
a part of it I'm almost glad that didn't
explode it was looking like I was going
to get caught in the effective area it's
what we in the business call an
explosion and ei it's in the game oh I
think that was a compound fracture
explosive OH that split into a compound
fracture explosive OH
come on
comer like a Vaughn Bonnie son come on
nothing oh you're killing me smalls what
are we going to do here we got the win
on our fingertips we got no luck we're
getting no items you're starving me of
Zain you starved me of Zain and then you
give me the dunce cap you give me a
little trickle of Zane you write a
little scientific paper about it get
your doctorate thanks for the help
million cents no freaking luck upgrades
can't buy a new item to save my life
just ask you for anything maybe they get
Polyphemus and expose Evo and give each
other those lump of coal but we do I
want more it's not enough there we go
there we go Capricorn to damage upgrade
so you know what the other stats make it
pop I'm happy thank you so much for your
support
let's go get dusted blue baby
so confident in the dusting pot the
power card oh you are a cruel mistress
but I have to I can't say no I would say
the odds of us dying are very high I
still sort of resent feeling pressured
into going to the delirium floor but I
also respected that pressure is largely
a result of myself not a result of the
game mechanics I just take variable
payout something like which floor to go
to man so it makes you feel like a
little baby if you don't go to the hard
floor because it's rare
instead I'm like we might be screwed as
a result of this but I'm going to give
it the old college try anyway because
I'd rather die than be called a baby
because my pride is very very weak it's
important to me that any slight gets met
with reckless behavior even if it does
border on being self harm hey get out of
here stop this I don't believe you can
blow up doors this is the worst I don't
believe you can blow up doors in
delirium doors in delirium bombs over
Baghdad it's an all-time classic
outcasts rank thankful SIBO I love you
but I wish you would stop doing that
okay so let's be an inspirational story
for us and ergo the world and just beat
delirium there is a chance this is
delirium and honestly to that I say
bring them on I've never been scared of
anything less in my life than a slow
death to delirium I was blastocyst
honestly lucky for delirium this is
blastocyst because his days were
numbered IV vague give me IV bag I want
the damage bonus and I wanted for a long
time that's not IV bag but damage
upgrade severe tears downgrade not that
bad maybe with chocolate milk but the
damage upgrade is not really worth it if
we're just stacking splode I guess it
doesn't care that's my new version of
you know if you're getting a bunch of
accessible SIBO shots you're stackins
close bro
something about it sounds dirty and I
think I like it we are one closer to
spun now but no closer to one as in one
run not the loneliest number that you
ever knew I know two can be just as bad
as one okay don't get started on me with
this Amy man horse hockey
the adversary also not scared of you
thanks for the spirit art BAE free trend
like add enough HP to our run that we
can live at a maximum damage bonus for
as long as it's possible then we can
just stacks closed and we're good to go
keyboard probably sounds like
insufferable right now but you know that
makes two of us nothing there delirium
okay had to happen
why are there two deliriums on the
screen did you notice the double
delirium action there so I think the
right course of action is to stack's
blows
everyone's like please stop saying that
I'm sure charge up a shot when you can't
see them but when you can see them get
those ecstasy bow shots go on buddy
honestly at this point the circle of
protection is like way better as a as a
damage blocker than as a damage dealer
and that's completely okay if I recall
we do not have nun's habit so don't
think I have a case to you know take
damage then use Yama hard I think our
best course of action is going to be not
taking damage and then being pleasantly
surprised maybe later keep a move on
here you know mom's foot does a lot of
damage I think we've actually handled
the first phase of this fight pretty
well we do have a huge range here and
lump of coal so yeah we're you know not
at a disadvantage by doing this I think
and any shots that we can deflect when
we get up there are very helpful as well
but it's not going to be a short
delirium flightless no leave it at that
so why am I not using yum hard right now
seems to me that the best option for us
would be to use a Yamaha to get a second
round of permanent polaroid
invincibility so I'm gonna try to use it
when we fall down to a half heart I
don't think we have any lifesteal I can
mess that up I hope we don't have any
lifesteal they can mess that up
this guy's the worst dude
okay that's where we want to deal our
damage right here all right let's Evo
shots all got popped out of the queue
but still I think it's going pretty well
we're about halfway done here we haven't
taken a lot of what I would consider to
be stupid damage maybe they've eased up
on the Delirium nonsense maybe not thing
is just like takes so long to do any
damage to delirium like you're hitting
them non-stop doesn't feel like the
health bar is changing at all obviously
over time it does I walked into a spider
that's 100% my bed as far as I'm
concerned scolex delirium is not
hittable anybody who says otherwise has
a burden of proof burden of proof on
them
I'm basically just walking around trying
to dodge shots while tapping the up
arrow key as fast as I can
that's my new strategy here and it
actually seems to be working okay
although most phases of delirium don't
seem to last long enough to get dinged
by the expose Evo shops too many times
so this guy's not hittable that seems
like a great way for us to deal damage
the Ragman heads other things worth
noting I don't think permanent polaroid
invincibility buys us much usefulness
except for the invincibility
I don't think were going to be able to I
mean I know we have guillotine but
that's not going to do too much to
delirium I think oh my god I walked on
pretty you might say NL your hand
getting tired you might not say that but
you should because yes you are correct
my hand is starting a quite sore with
fanny pack if we could get another half
red heart I would be extremely pleased
wouldn't turn up my nose at getting the
full red heart although it would be
worse from a permanent polaroid
invincibility standpoint what is this
earthquake behind you you probably have
fallen a little bit more behind on our
our damage given versus damage taken
recently but we basically just have to
use it right away
I think we've remained competitive on
this Delirium fight and that's all we
really could have asked for
I've walked right into that in my
defense it's kind of a lot of stuff
going on on this fight but we have taken
some preventable damage to be sure no
Isaacs please the beams are not
plausible but alle da ah this is the
wrong run to fight delirium probably but
for now thanks for watching that was
like 56 minutes uh I wouldn't say
torture but a little behind the eight
ball for now thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed if you did click the like
button how's that a great deal of course
subscribe you want to see more in the
future well my bag of another one very
soon see you then